Tensions are rising on the high seas. The Blackfire Consortium, a trading company not known for legitimate or lawful trade practices, has recently shored up renewed efforts at carving out sovereignty for itself within the Sancti Grail et Pythones Archipelagos (which shall henceforth be known as "Python Isles"). The Python Isles were long ago colonized by the exalted Tuatha De Danann, a warrior-poet caste of Irish origin that were permitted to expand Irish territories on behalf of Queen Ellesime, the now queen of Ireland. Little remains of the ways of the ancient Tuathan's culture within the colonies as of late, but that does not mean that there are not those who would fight to preserve the Tuathan way of life. Many enlist in the Royal Navy to defend the crown's port cities and trade integrity from the Consortium, and yet, there are many still who would see what brave new world the usurpers might raise from the ashes of Queen Ellesime's colonies.
An explanation on abilities: Your character comes with six attributes that will help them along in their journey across the Python Isles. These are Strength, Dexterity, Constitution, Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma. Ability scores vary in range from 1 to 6, with the higher the score, the better the bonus a character will receive in circumstances that call for one (or more) attributes.
Strength is a measure of your character's phyiscal prowess, and allows your character to be more powerful in melee combat. 
Dexterity is a measure of your character's agility, aerial awareness, and accuracy in ranged combat. 
Constitution is your character's hardiness and fortitude, and propensity to resist or recover from ailments. 
Intelligence conveys your character's knowledge base and ability to learn, reason through complex or confusing circumstances, puzzles, or riddles. 
Wisdom encompases your character's common sense, awareness, and intuition.
Charisma is a representation of your character's magnetism, personality, ability to lead, and appearance.   
You stand at attention in front of the Wavecrasher, the finest galleon in the Royal Navy, as a hawk-faced, barrel-chested mariner stalks about the front of your formation, scrutinizing the men and women around you. He paces menacingly past you, eyes scanning the lot of your platoon for what can only be construed as weakness. Suddenly, he stops, the weight of a thought creasing his brow, and he about faces to step in front of you. He leers at you painstakingly all the while, and you wonder if you should divert your gaze for fear of insubordination. He opens his mouth to speak, and his hot, acrid breath washes over you as he addresses the formation. "You sorry sacs are something else." He deadpans, finally breaking his stare, though this provides little relief from his proximity. "I'd bet five crowns that not-a-one of you will live to see your second port-of-call. Change my mind." the officer leans in closer, as if it were possible, his eyes dredging into yours, and you battle back a bout of an amalgamation of panic and indignation, your subconsciousness pondering your past against such accusations. You were...
Marine (Brawler): You're brawny and impetuous. Before joining the Royal Navy, you worked as a city guardsman near your hometown, and before that, on a farm, tending to your parents' land and squashing the local bullies who always cropped up around your village. Though you excelled in martial pursuits, you've never been one to indulge nonsense. Your hot temper and ham-fisted style makes you well suited for more direct means of problem solving.
Barrelman (Rogue): You're a quick study and have learned to survive on your wits and charm. You thrive in social situations and have oft carried bits and baubles of various ownership away from such circumstances to support yourself, because holding down a job just sounds excruciating. You got caught filching some coin from the wrong person and chose to dedicate your life "to the service and protection" of the Royal purview, rather than rotting in a dungeon. You're not so sure it was the wiser of decisions.
Shipwizard (Mage): You've devoted a majority of your life to the study of magical energies and their employ. You usually look to magic as the solution to most problems in life, and it's worked out well thus far for you. Your dream has always been to sail the high seas as a Shipwizard in the service of the Royal decree, and now you have your chance.
Justiciar (Paladin): Virtuosity and chivalrous account has guided your hand throughout your life, and you believe that law and order is of utmost importance to the stability of society. You squired for the knights of the Royal court and continued to pursue knighthood, waiting for your chance to prove your worthiness to the queen. Your fierce loyalty to ensuring the perpetuation of the civil world led you to join the Royal Navy to fight against the pirates that have been plaguing the coastal trade routes recently.
"Aye, ye scurvy dogs! Weigh anchor! Drop sail! You there, shuffle to me, swabbie!" A leather-skinned man calls to the deck, pointing at you with the piercing gaze of his remaining eye as he emerges from the cabin at ship stern. He clop-hops up the stairs to take the helm of the Windy Mary, your current vessel, and you obediently lean your implement, a ragged and discolored mop, against the railing and hustle after the peg-legged captain. At a sudden loss for protocol, you take an awkwardly erect position next to him without speaking. "What good are ye?" he growls, prompting a stampede of incoherent responses to run through your mind before you finally settle on...
Corsair (Brawler): You're brawny and impetuous. Before joining the crew on the Windy Mary, you worked as a bouncer at a few city pubs, and before that, as a guardsman. Your hot temper and ham-fisted style makes you well suited for more direct means of problem solving.
Swashbuckler (Rogue): You're a quick study and have learned to survive on your wits and charm. You thrive in social situations and have oft carried bits and baubles of various ownership away from such circumstances to support yourself, because holding down a job just sounds excruciating. Before joining the crew on the Windy Mary, you meandered through life in uncommitted attempts at getting rich quick.
Battlemage (Mage): You've devoted a majority of your life to the study of magical energies and their employ. You usually look to magic as the solution to most problems in life, and it's worked out well thus far for you, until it didn't. Before joining the Windy Mary, you worked as an assistant to the Archmage of the local college, but that ended rather abruptly when an unsanctioned experiment went terribly wrong.
Huntsman (Ranger): You are more comfortable navigating through the wilds, sleeping under the stars, and relying on your senses and intuition to coexist with the natural world than you are within the confines of walls or the hustle and bustle of the city. Before joining the Windy Mary, you dedicated your existence to maintaining the balance between civilization and nature, but recently, despite your most dauntless efforts, the nearby city has laid waste to the lands you have vowed to protect for the purposes of commerce and profit.
Vindictive Bastard (Paladin): Sometimes, bad things happen to good people. You were one such good person; you made a life out of helping others and preserving societal stability without expecting anything in return. Though you fought tirelessly for justice and peace, there came a time when your good will was no longer appreciated. Before joining the Windy Mary, you were framed, cast out, and branded a traitor amongst those you had known and loved all your life. Despite all of the good you had done for your people, lending your might to their benefit, they betrayed you and dismissed you in your only time of need. Such a trauma indicated something in your heart that you'd never sensed before - a twinge of hatred, a spec of malice - and in the face of your pain, you realized that your only solace came in the form of towering over your lessers. Your kindness would never be mistaken for weakness again.
Warden (Ranger): You are more comfortable navigating through the wilds, sleeping under the stars, and relying on your senses and intuition to coexist     with the natural world than you are within the confines of walls or the hustle and bustle of the city. As a young adult, you worked within a cohort of guides for hire who liaisoned city folk through the wilderness. You dedicated your existence to maintaining the balance between civilization and nature, but a recent expedition you were guiding succumbed to Blackfire pirates under your protection. You did your best to protect the carvan, fighting tooth and nail to the bitter end, but one by one, those under your vigil fell as you fled through the jungle. You, being the only one to survive the attack, vowed to fight back against the tyranny of the Blackfire Consortium, joining the ranks of the Royal Navy to serve that purpose.
